# Maze Adventures

This task was a rollercoaster ride. The assignment seemed quite interesting and initially made me emulate many important data structures in a fun way. However, as I ran deeper into the project it became a bit challenging - too challenging at a point because I fell sick. I struggled with what to put into the "data" part (since I wanted to do Zelda justice, it is one of my favorite titles) and how I could possibly emulate dungeons (which I chose not to do because of health and time constraints). For example, I could not understand how to  insert the story into the program without hand-writing all the dialogues, which  turned out to be a tedious task to complete, even though I played it again and watched the full gameplay on YouTube. Implementing the inventory without an interactive game mechanic was quite frustrating, since I had to change a lot of aspects of the entire game itself, with each moment feeling like I was not doing justice to the original Zelda. <u>At a point, the assignment definitely felt more laborious than informative</u>, since the learning task of graph/tree traversal was overtook by the task of translating the essence of a game meant for the NES to a graph. Although guidelines were provided on what to retain, they were quite confusing. This disparity in not being able to convey the story of the original game left me feeling like I was not doing a good job. Please note this is not an outright criticism of the assignment structure, but my experience with it.



Figuring out the tree and tree traversal was simple enough, but I ended up getting stuck with data retrieval and subtrees. A lot of my peers advised me to make something simpler than Zelda, like snakes and ladders. I wish I could have done better on this project and I still would love to do better. I feel the expanse of Zelda was definitely a bit too overwhelming and I could not grasp what I was dipping my feet into until it was too late. I definitely wrote a lot of code in panic and sickness, so I would love to discuss any faults with my code and how I can perhaps improve upon this submission. Please mail me at bishnoi.h@northeastern.edu if I can do so! 